Update outdated/incorrect info/typos (#13)
Khaaz/Cross-Server-Bot: README.md

  - lock all - Lock all channels in the network: `c!lock all`
  - unlock - Unlock the current channel: `c!unlock`
  - unlock all - Unlock all channels: `c!unlock all`

>   - commands are usable by poeple with roles in manageRoles only.

Reviewer: i think this is actually `managerRoles`

Author: Don't think you can manager a role :P

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24302436/89229616-a8830600-d5d9-11ea-8c20-e793f20d78b3.png)

Reviewer: oh, this was meant to reference the `managerRoles` property in the config, sorry for the confusion. Maybe a rewording then since it doesn't seems clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - commands are usable by poeple that have one of the roles in the `managerRoles` field in the config.
```
